Doc(eos_designs): Digital Twin How-To (#6503)
aristanetworks/avd: docs/howto/digital_twin/README.md

<!--
  ~ Copyright (c) 2023-2026 Arista Networks, Inc.
  ~ Use of this source code is governed by the Apache License 2.0
  ~ that can be found in the LICENSE file.
  -->

# Configuring Digital Twin

!!! warning "PREVIEW"

>     The AVD Digital Twin functionality is in preview mode. Everything is subject to change, is not supported and may not be complete.

Reviewer: Let's change "is not supported" to "is not supported by TAC" or similar. Otherwise it looks quite confusing. I'd also write a softer / more detailed message instead of "may not be complete".

Author: Hey @ankudinov ! This is kind of a generic message that has been applied to all preview sections 

```
./ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/how-to/cloudvision-tags.md:    Everything is subject to change, is not supported and may not be complete.
./ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/how-to/wan.md:    For these preview features, Everything is subject to change, is not supported and may not be complete.
./docs/howto/digital_twin/README.md:    The AVD Digital Twin functionality is in preview mode. Everything is subject to change, is not supported and may not be complete.
```

<!--
  ~ Copyright (c) 2023-2026 Arista Networks, Inc.
  ~ Use of this source code is governed by the Apache License 2.0
  ~ that can be found in the LICENSE file.
  -->

> # Configuring Digital Twin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configuring ACT Digital Twin
```

!!! warning "PREVIEW"

>     The AVD Digital Twin functionality is in preview mode. Everything is subject to change, is not supported and may not be complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The AVD Digital Twin functionality is in preview mode. That means it's not feature complete, breaking changes can happen and there is no TAC support for AVD digital twin.
```

1. `<node_type_keys.key>.nodes[].digital_twin.mgmt_ip` - Per-node Digital Twin management IP
2. `<node_type_keys.key>.nodes[].mgmt_ip` - Per-node production management IP

When neither key is set, AVD behaviour depends on the ACT node type:

- **`veos` and `cloudeos`**: `ip_addr` is omitted from the topology entry.
- **All other node types**: AVD raises an error because ACT requires `ip_addr` for those node types.

**Example:**

```yaml
spine:
  nodes:
    - name: spine1
      mgmt_ip: 192.168.1.11/24  # Used for both production and Digital Twin OOB MGMT IP

    - name: spine2
      mgmt_ip: 192.168.1.12/24          # Used for `spine2` in production
      digital_twin:
        mgmt_ip: 10.255.0.12/24         # Used as OOB MGMT IP for `spine2` in ACT Digital Twin topology file
```

!!! note
    For `veos` and `cloudeos` ACT node types, `mgmt_ip` is optional. For all other node types (e.g., `generic`, `third-party`, `cvp`), `mgmt_ip` must be configured, otherwise AVD will raise an exception.

#### ACT OS Version Configuration

> Each ACT node type has a default OS version that will be used if not explicitly configured (please see [AT Default Values](#act-default-values) for details).

Author: Fixed
